docs: add missing changelogs for 9939 (#9999)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-9939.en.md

Allow 'emqx ctl cluster' command to be issued before Mnesia starts.

> Prior to this change, EMQX 'replicant' role nodes can only join cluster using 'static' cluster discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to this change, EMQX 'replicant' could not use manual discovery strategy.
```

The replicants could use other strategies as well, not just static.
